I am Marwa Abu Zaida. I am 32 years old. This man
was almost, I mean, almost lying on
the ground. It means something simple. The person holding her. I arrived at
the hospital when they put me on the ground. I saw
my brother
crying. I saw my father while they were giving
him first aid and checking on him for the bleeding
that was occurring.  There was bleeding inside their ears and they were talking
in pieces, but I don’t know to whom. I know
that they all went, but I don’t know to whom. I still
feel the fire, of course, and in pain. I even
caught the paramedic’s hands in the ambulance. Amana. I
do anything. He tells me, “My sister is there.” We have arrived as far as
I have arrived.  I tell them, while you are in the ambulance, you want to
call me, please call me, please let me know, I died, I caught
the nurse, my death was honesty, my death, they are telling me that
sometimes you were absent, but you were calling for your children to be
absent. I don’t know what you are talking about, but most of them are about
your children, but I don’t remember, and I don’t part with my legs.
It was the first time I woke up and saw her.  I'll tell you when I
woke up, but I was asking about my mother the most. I told
you, this year was the most important thing, and they used to tell me about her
Eid. The last thing came. I held my aunt's hand and told
her: Listen, aunt, I swear to God, I don't
sleep, I swear I don't do anything. My mother is done, she died. She started
screaming.  And
I came out and wanted them to love me. If they didn't love me, they
would have taken my leg with them. Then I included my leg. I included the
jinn.
But what is the fault of the children? I mean, I don't understand. They
deserve the missile. I mean, the first thing is if his excuse was,
for example, October 7, or that they, for example, grabbed a
weapon. They didn't kidnap a soldier. They didn't grab a weapon.